All right, so let's add some more tests and see if they work well with our factory function architecture.
So, so far we've tested for the title and the organization of the job.
And the other two things I'd like to test is the locations right here as well as the job qualifications.
So let's see if we can write a new test and not have to add any additional code up here in order to
get the test to work.
I think you're going to be pleasantly surprised.
So right here, down below, I want to say it renders job locations and I can pretend as if I'm creating
a new job object.
So job props and I'm going to invoke that create job props method above and I'm going to assume that
it's going to take care of some details.
I really don't care which ones because they're kind of above the test.
And the reason I really don't care is, is because right here in line, I can provide the properties
that I do care about for the purposes of this test.
So I do know that I'm going to need to have locations to iterate over right here.
So I'll provide a location's property and set it equal to an array.
Let's say it's going to be an array of two strings.
I'll just provide Orlando and Jacksonville to random cities.
Then below there I can mount my job listing component and I can invoke my create config function pass
in my job props from the line above and I can follow the exact same protocol I did above by invoking
the text method and double checking that it has some piece of text.
In this case, I am going to do two assertions one for each string.
I think it's okay to have two assertions because they're fundamentally testing the same thing.
So right here, expect rapper act text invoke that method and somewhere in that bunch of text I expect
to see the string Orlando and I'm going to copy this assertion down below.
And I also expect to see the string Jacksonville.
So notice without editing any of the code above this test is going to pass and that's what's great.
We built our factory functions in such a way that they support the old code as well as the new code.
The reason why it works is because we're adding this location's property, and even though locations
doesn't exist up here, we are just structuring whatever we pass in from the tests as a job.
Props.
So JavaScript is adding a new property of locations here because we provided it right here.
So each test can provide exactly what it needs to work.
And it's kind of a good sign that our code is flexible and not failing whenever we try to add a new
kind of test or new kind of properties.
With that said, if we want to add a location's array here, just so that other tests have access to
some array that they can iterate over for this ally, we certainly can.
So right here we can provide locations.
And let's say it's going to be an array of one city, let's say something like Indianapolis.
And that way, if some other test doesn't care about locations but wants an array that it can iterate
over to have a component that is closer to reality.
Well, now it does.
And for the tests that actually care about that property and what it represents, well, then we'll
pass.
And the owner has the own custom data that we need for that test.
So that's why I really like this approach.
And the test itself is pretty short for lines and communicates exactly what it's testing and how it's
testing it and how all of these parts influence the actual implementation.
All right.
So let's do one more test here.
We're going to say it renders job qualifications.
For the most part, we can copy most of what we have above, as always.
So cons job props.
We're going to create job props and the property that we care about on the job object this time is going
to be minimum qualifications.
I'm going to copy it from right here, minimum qualifications and that is going to be an array.
And let's just provide two sample strings code and develop.
And once again, I'm going to copy this line.
So we're going to mount our job listing component, passing the create config and or passing the job
procs props to the create config function.
Let me copy these two assertions from above and we can just change the text here to code as well as
develop save those files, see if if it works and it does for now.
And what I can do is scroll up and once again, just in case I want to have a complete job object here
as a default return value, I can add that minimum qualifications array here and let's just do some
string here like succeed again.
It really doesn't matter.
It's kind of a fallback object that we can overwrite any properties of in our tests.
But I really like what we have here.
I think we have covered a lot of the functionality of the component, primarily based on the job object
that is flowing in and all the details it provides.
And we've done all of this, by the way, of course, without actually having to implement Vue router
or any of those complexities, we're just passing us or making HDP requests either, right?
We just pass in a sample object or a section of an object that we care about, and we just validate
that the component does what it's supposed to do with that data.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.